## Data Carpentry Steering Committee Minutes
### Gregorian date: 2015 September 16
#### JD: 2457281.583333

----

### Attendance
**Present**
- Tracy Teal TKT
- Ethan White EW
- Greg Wilson GVW
- Karen Cranston KC
- Aleksandra Pawlik AP
- Hilmar Lapp HP
- Karthik Ram KR

**Apologies**  
none

_**Quorum is established**_

-

**Guests**  
none
 

---

### Resolved

We will make a job offer for the Program Coordinator position to Maneesha Sane based on the proposed letter 
with the included edits.  
_**Passed** 6-0-0_

We will run a 2-workshop pilot for 2 companies. Further workshops for companies will be planned based on the 
outcomes of the pilot.  
_**Passed** 6-0-0_


---

### Actions

- TKT will get meeting minutes up via a PR to the organization/minutes repo within a week of 
the meeting and members propose any changes before the following meeting. Each meeting 
will start with a vote of approval on the previous week's minutes and then the minutes
will be made public.

- Format of Resolutions based on https://www.python.org/psf/records/board/resolutions/ was
approved. TKT will put the Resolutions on a public web site and keep updated. 

- Steering Committee meetings will start with approval of previous meeting's minutes and a financial 
report. The financial report will include any significant deviation in funding expectations and
report current finances including a break down of the sources. 

- We will start a Windows Subcommittee that will lead efforts to make sure our documentation
and install notes are up to date for common versions of Windows. ED will oversee this committee
and committee will be posted on web site.

- We will start a Communications Subcommittee to lead efforts on social media, blogging and
other news and media. ED will oversee this committee and committee will be posted on web site.

- TKT will host a location in Davis for the SWC/DC Instructors retreat on Nov 14, 2015. AP may
also host one in Manchester.

- TKT to follow up on evaluating assessment software and make recommendation to the Steering 
Committee.

- TKT to develop language for 'Fast Track Instructor' program and get feedback and approval 
from Steering Committee.

---

### Summary of reports or information

- Discussion of Associate Director posting


---



**Minutes prepared by: Tracy Teal**

**Minutes approved on: **
