## Minutes from Data Carpentry Steering Committee
### 2015 September 02, 9:00am EDT
#### JD: 2457267.708333

---

### Attendance
**Present**
- Tracy Teal TKT
- Ethan White EW
- Greg Wilson GVW
- Karen Cranston KC
- Aleksandra Pawlik AP
- Hilmar Lapp HP
- Karthik Ram KR (arrived 9:30am)

**Apologies**
-

**Guests**
-

_**Quorum established**_

---

### Resolved

- Data Carpentry will share its meeting agenda with SCF ED and issue a standing invitation to SCF's ED to attend meetings when there are items of interest, and when the subjects under discussion aren't considered confidential.  
_**Passed** 6-0-0_

---

### Actions
- In person Data Carpentry Steering Committee Meeting set for December 11-12 in
Gainesville, Florida. TKT and EW to handle logistics.

- Data Carpentry Steering Committee Meetings will be a standing meeting every
2 weeks on Thursdays at 12:00 Eastern. Next meeting September 17th. SC members
will inform TKT in advance if they can't make it.

- TKT will get out meeting minutes within 2 weeks of a meeting

- It would be good if a community member were interested in working with TKT
on updates of current DC activities. TKT to pursue.

- We will set up subcommittees to work on specific tasks, rather then engaging
the whole SC on each issue. Members of these committees can be from the SC
or the community. TKT to propose 1 to 2 possible subcommittees to start.

- Data Carpentry will start a one page public document with all the resolutions
as SCF has started doing modeled on the PSF https://www.python.org/psf/records/board/resolutions/

- Data Carpentry will work with Software Carpentry Foundation on a partnership with
Brazil CCSL where they would translate lessons in to Portugese and maintain them.  

- TKT can commit to working on the EDAMAME course in 2016 with 0.75 of a month
of her effort and pay on that project.

- EW can support some travel for Data Carpentry workshop at TDWG in Kenya

- TKT will draft Associate Director posting and put it in front of the Steering
Committee for discussion and approval.

- We will start the search for the Assessment Specialist after the Associate Director
posting is processed.

- TKT, HL and KC will have a meeting to discuss how to move forward on an NSF
Supplemental grant.

- TKT will be responsible for managing the website.

- TKT will pursue either getting a Windows machine or Windows instances to
be able to try out install and notes for workshops. EW to help.

- We are working on a MoU with SSI. As a part of this partnership, including them
doing workshop organization in the
UK, we can include the clause in the MoU with SSI that states
"we will waive workshop administration fees for workshops that the SSI hosts."

---

### Summary of	reports	or information

- A Software Carpentry Foundation and Data Carpentry Bridge Committee has been
formed and consists of Ethan White, Greg Wilson, Jason Williams and Tracy Teal.
There has been one meeting so far. This Committee is working to coordinate
efforts and will bring proposals or ideas to the full Steering Committees.

- Discussion around instructor training and prerequisites for entering instructor
training for Data Carpentry.

---

**Minutes prepared by: Tracy Teal**

**Minutes approved on: October 1, 2015**
